my name is Sasha Suresh and i'm the
inventor of the strawberries I invented
the strawberries because I was making
lunch for my kids one day and I was
cutting the top one-third of the
strawberry off and I was wasting an
enormous amount of fruit so when I try
to just cut out the core I realized I
was wasting an enormous amount of time
and I thought I can't be the only person
in the world that's having the same
problem it's the only product on the
market that allows you to very quickly
and easily remove just that small
conical area of a strawberry but it also
allows you to remove that excess from a
strawberry hollow it out and then leave
a beautiful aesthetically pleasing hole
which you can then fill with chocolate
or whipped cream or custard or anything
else that you or your kids might like
the strawberry stands out from other
products for three reasons the quality
the versatility and the value that we
offer our customers not only do they get
a kitchen utensil that's designed to
last forever and is warrantied for life
but they get a product that they will
use every day not only for strawberries
which it works exceedingly well on but
also for other products such as the
course from apples the stems from
mushrooms the cores from Kiwis oranges
tomatoes radishes onions beats peppers
it even quickly and easily removes the
eyes or blemishes from hard root
vegetables such as potatoes or yams I
hate as a consumer going somewhere and
purchasing a product whether it be
online or in a retail location using it
for a very short period of time and it
breaking or not performing the way it's
been advertised I absolutely never want
my customers to feel that way and that's
why we back the product with a lifetime
warranty and that's how I know that
customers will be one hundred percent
satisfied with their purchase the
products ability to do its job has been
confirmed time and time again from
emails that we've got from people that
have said what a great product I wish I
had thought of that and for an inventor
that's the ultimate compliment
you